fix: Add Apps log TTL index (#35497)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/fifty-moles-boil.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
"@rocket.chat/model-typings": patch
"@rocket.chat/models": patch
---

> Fixes an issue where the app log ttl were being ignored, also set to be always 30 days 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where the app's logs index was not being created by default, also set to be always 30 days 
```
